## Thread

"Thread" to me, conjures up the story threads that a group of players create,
and that a GM helps the group to explore in the narrative.

As a GM, I've not been very good with story threads. This is probably because I
don't plan much (or sometimes, at all), and I don't do a great job of making
sure we pick up threads that were previously started, so we end up with lots of
loose ends. 

Some of this is a function of the group I play with and the circumstances under
which we've been playing. The move from Atlanta to New York I mentioned in my
thoughts on [change](02-change.md) was something I had known was on the horizon
for a while (not specifically New York, just that we were likely to move
_somewhere_ else). So I was trying to keep the main story moving. Trying to
_finish_ the rough arc I'd imagined, trying not to get distracted by other,
competing threads that didn't serve the main story. 

In my hurry to finish I dropped threads that didn't seem as important, even if
they could have been interesting. I don't _think_ this was railroading, as my
players _seemed_ invested enough in the main story, and I had the thought in the
back of my mind that we could come back to those loose threads if (and it was a
relatively big if) I _didn't_ end up moving. But I'm still a little sad that
they got dropped, that we missed out on stories that could have been told.

As I think about/plan for a (as yet unrealised) future campaign, one of the
things in my mind is that I want to do a better job of not dropping threads.
That I want to find ways to bring them (back) into the story. Maybe that's too
ambitious, and maybe there are always tradeoffs that need to be made in an RPG
(after all, with finite play time you can't explore _everything_), but it's
something I want to at least _try_ to do.

#rpgaday2020