## Tribute

At first, "tribute" stumped me a bit, I couldn't think of anything specific to
write about (and I was worried that my posts were getting a bit too relfective,
introspective, too naval-gazey). So I thought I'd just say thank you (and pay
tribute) to the people who helped get me into the hobby.

To Jay, whom I met at an "Atlanta Drunks and Dragons" meetup, who ran the first
ttRPG I played in (some kind of old school dungeon crawl, we all had to create
several characters as it was likely one or more would be killed during play),
and who later invited me to join their biweekly campaign. Thank you for
introducing me to the hobby, thank you for laughing when I called my first
characters "One", "Two", and "Three" (I _still_ have fond memories of the
Sherlock Holmes-inspired Two). 

To Drew, the colleague who introduced me to so many gamers in Atlanta and who
spent many a lunch hour discussing games and RPGs with me. Thank you for the
introduction to gaming, the friendship, the copy of the Fate rules, and for that
fantastic game of "The Ward" at Intown RPG Day. Dr. Brett Bat, his segway,
penchant for foxy doctors, and his misadventures in the Las Vegas Celebrity
clinic overrun by a bout of food poisoning at a local sci-fi collection will
remain etched into my memory for a long time.

To Alex, who ran the first game of Edge of the Empire I played in (really
igniting my love for that system and the hobby in general). Thank you for the
enthusiam, the endless and vast amounts of effort you put in to that game. Thank
you for putting up with me finding ways to side step your meticulously planned
combat encounters whilst Dr. Erykah lounged in a bubble bath and insulted the
enemy over the communicator. (And to Taj, thank you for always being in a vent,
for some reason.)

To the David trilogy, Buddy, Drew (again), Tom, Stephen, Harris, Travis, and
anyone I ran for at Intown RPG day. Thank you for being my players. Thank you
for coping with me learning as I went, thank you for your ideas and enthusiam.
Thank you for the snacks and for the Creature Comforts (even if not all of you
would drink it...).

I pay tribute to you all.