## Forest

Forest immediately reminds me of [drop
bears](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drop_bear).

One of the first RPG podcasts I started listening to was
[Campaign](http://oneshotpodcast.com/category/campaign/) (an offshoot of
[Oneshot](http://oneshotpodcast.com/)), specifically I started listening to
their game using the Star Wars: Edge of the Empire system from Fantasy
Flight Games. I may come back to the series on a later day, but today I'm
reminded of one particular episode.

The story begins on a wooded world and at one point (amongst various hi-jinx)
the crew end up climbing one of the trees (I think they were hiding from
someone). As they sat in the upper branches the GM (the wonderful Kat Kuhl) told
the group something like "you hear rustling in the foliage above you, and you
look up and see...". Kat didn't have time to finish before two of the players
shouted, in unison, "drop bears?!". This was a wonderful, unscripted moment that
really tickled me (even though, at the time, I hadn't ever heard of a drop bear)
and for some reason stuck in my head.

A couple of months later, in my home game, and 2/3rds of The David Trilogy were
prowling through some woods, also in the Star Wars galaxy. Not really thinking
about it too much (I was preparing for a large, snake-like creature to pounce on
them) I found myself (unintentionally) uttering similar lines: "you look
up into the trees above you and see...". Fortunately, 1/3rd of The David Trilogy
immediately stepped into the breach, uttering the very same "drop bears?!"
exclamation, sending me into a fit of giggles.

I don't think that particular David had listened to Campaign, and I certainly
hadn't intended to give the players any indication that they might end up
maligned by the mythical marsupial. I enjoyed the moment nonetheless, and look
forward to any arboreal encounter that I run or play on the off chance that the
great beast might drop in for a surprise appearance.

![drop-bear](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/71/Dropbear.jpg/220px-Dropbear.jpg)

#rpgaday2020