## Stack

A gun with a stack of bonuses on it broke our game.

We were playing _Star Wars: Edge of the Empire_ from Fantasy Flight Games (now
Edge Studios), and ended up with a diabolical concoction: a player with a keen
interest in modifying and tweaking their weapons, and another player with a
relentless focus on the Mechanics skill (required for tweaking and modifying,
you guessed it, weapons).

I, the GM, foolishly allowed these two players to collaborate (ok it wasn't
_that_ foolish; everyone had fun with it so there really wasn't much harm done),
such that the mechanic PC was endlessly tweaking the bonuses on the tinkerers
weapons. Bonuses that stacked.

The players essentially took a baseline-very-powerful rifle and souped it up
with a fancy barrel, scope and laser sight, and a custom, gene-locked grip (to
prevent anyone else using it, of course). Each of these additions was further
modified to either: make it more accurate, make it do more damage, make it
easier to trigger special effects, or some combination of all three. The result
was a weapon that (glossing over some of the details of that game) we began to
refer to as the "war crimes level gun". 

This gun (in the hands of the exceptionally combat-capable character that
wielded it) made combat encounters almost impossible to balance, because it
killed _everything_, and it killed everything _quickly_. Large creatures were
taken down in a single volley, and groups of numerous but weaker minions were
quickly chewed up with repeated volleys of its deadly fire. No one really
minded, though, most players were just happy seeing things blow up.

In the final scenes of the campaign, the gun really came into its own. Picture
the scene from A New Hope where Han charges into a hangar full of Storm Troopers
before turning tail and sprinting back the way he came. We did something
similar, only the gun-toting mercenary of the group didn't turn around. They
stood their ground and annihilated the hangar full of the Empire's finest. It
was glorious. Sometimes, stacking can be very cool.

#rpgaday2020

