## Message

I recently experienced a strange, unintentional message in a (c)RPG. 

I've been playing the (excellent) [Disco
Elysium](https://store.steampowered.com/app/632470/Disco_Elysium/) for the last
few weeks. The game is, on it's surface, about a detective who wakes up after
the bender to end all benders, sozzled and with a heavy dose of amneisa (that
old cRPG favourite). I'm not sure if I could say what the message of the game
is, in general. But I can talk about a message that I got from it.

Avoiding spoilers, there's multiple moments in the game where the main character
recalls the "ex-something", a figure of regret and loss in the life of the
detective you are shaping as you play. In one of those moments, near the climax
of the game, I was struck by a message. A message of loss and loneliness and a
desire to recapture things that used to be. 

I was suddenly reminded of Atlanta, of the friends and life I had there before I
moved here, to New York. That message revealed to me my own sense of loss, which
I don't think I'd fully reflected on; it allowed me to recognise feelings of
loneliness here (still under lockdown). It revealed to me a desire to get back
to the life I left behind in Atlanta. In short: it was not an easy message to
hear.

But it was a useful message. It galvanised me to take action, to take some
deliberate steps (as much as I'm able to in a city still under lockdown) to find
and join meetup groups, to look for opportunities to start building that same
sense of community I'd found in Atlanta. I don't regret the move, it was the
right thing for me to do in the bigger picture, but I don't think I'd really
heard that message, that call to action until now.

I wrote [earlier](04-vision.md) that I'd never really experienced the helpful,
supportive, or therapeutic side of RPGs. To some extent that statement is no
longer true. Whilst it wasn't around a tabletop, it was an RPG that helped me to
see something about myself, a _message_ from an RPG that helped me to work
through something I'd be (subconciously) grappling with for a while. Thanks,
RPGs.

#rpgaday2020