## Push

As a GM, I love _pushing_ dice at players. 

I'm thinking mainly of dice pools, specifically the dice pool in FFG/Edge
Studio's Star Wars/Genesys game, and specifically within them I love pushing
Boost and Setback  dice. For those unfamilar with the system, a Boost die is
added to the pool to represent situational benefits, like having the right tools
for the job. Setback are added to represent situational difficulties, like _not_
having the right tools for the job. The task being performed (and subsequently
the check being rolled) isn't necessarily any more or less _inherently_
difficult (in systemic terms, the number of _difficulty_ dice added to the pool
remain the same), but the circumstances may modify thing, and the Boost and
Setback dice represent that.

As a GM, I love sliding these pale blue and black dice across the table to my
players. I love it when they/the characters have planned ahead and I can reward
them with a Boost. I _love_ it when they _haven't_ planned ahead, or when
they're trying something foolish in a tricky situation, and I can make things a
little more complicated by pushing a Setback dice across the table into their
pool (this may sound a little adversarial, but in general I find that the most
interesting story moments happen when the negative effects on the dice
complicate things a little).

I most love doing this when the characters have talents that let them ignore
Setback die on certain checks. I love this because it's such a simple and
_tangible_ way that a player's choices have an impact directly on the roll play.
One of my favourite moments was pushing a bunch of Setback dice into a player's
pool as they performed (yet) another ridiculous move only for them to turn to me
and say "Oh, it's cute that you think _any_ of those affect me!"

That was a really great moment for me as a GM. Pushing those dice across the table
only to see the _character_ in their element, pulling off stupid some stunt, and
the _player_ gleeful at the chance to have their character stand in the
spotlight for a moment and do something cool. It was a lot of fun.

#rpgaday2020